Ginger Bread man.

Once upon a time, there was a old man and a old woman.
And they didn't have a child.
So one day the old woman said: let's make a ginger bread man.

So they make the dough,
and then they shaped it,
and they did some decoration
and they put it in the oven.

Then the delicious smell was coming.
So they opened the oven, and popped the ginger bread man.

So the old man reached to grab him
but quick as a wink the ginger bread man ran.

And the ginger bread man went out the door
and he reached the old muddy sow.
and the ginger bread man put his little hands on his hips.
And the ginger bread man said "run run as fast as you can, you can can't catch me, I am the ginger bread man."
So the muddy old sow reached to grab him.
But quick as wink the ginger bread man ran.

Come back! Said the muddy old sow.
And behind him the old man and old woman was shouting too: "come back! come back"

And the ginger bread man reached the butcher with a carving knife.
and the ginger bread man put his little hands on his hips.
And the ginger bread man said "run run as fast as you can, you can can't catch me, I am the ginger bread man."
So the butcher reached to grab him but quick as wink the ginger bread man ran.

And he saw a fox reading a book.
and the ginger bread man put his little hands on his hips.
And the ginger bread man said "run run as fast as you can, you can can't catch me, I am the ginger bread man."
And the fox said, what? I can't hear you , you have to stop and talk louder.
And the ginger bread man said "run run as fast as you can, you can can't catch me, I am the ginger bread man."

And behind him the old man and the old woman and the muddy old saw and butcher was calling:
Come back, come back, come back!
Before he could say no, the fox grab him and Chimp and chomp the ginger bread man half was gone.
Snip snap, snip snip. The ginger bread man was gone.
And the old man and the old woman and the muddy old saw and butcher stared at the fox for a long time.

And then everybody went home.
When the fox had a good nap.

But the ginger bread man tickled the fox's stomach.
And the fox started laughing and laughing.
The fox laughed so hard that the ginger bread man could jump out from his mouth.

And start running again!

Go ginger bread man, go!

The end.